hi i'm tomas and i'm here today to make
you a family classic my grandmother's
Italian Meat Loaf it is to die for great
flavors wonderful ingredients I think
you're gonna love it okay here we are
how about some delicious beef and veal
mixture which is always look at how
beautiful it is that it not for the
smell of it's so great we'll start up
with this and some nice eggs um la the
eggs eggs and everything is good for me
a couple eggs this is fresh beef I'd
love to go to the grocery store I always
kid my friends and say eggs oh just some
bread crumb fresh bread crumb I graded
myself it always makes it better I
always kid my friends and say in the 80s
I went to nightclubs now I go to the
grocery store for attention it's true
Luca telly I love it it's salty you can
use regiona parmigiana as well but I
like this because it's a little salty
and I didn't use any salt in my
seasonings fresh garlic got am Italian
garlic's and everything they say it's
good for you long as everybody eats it
in the same house you're okay look I
used a little onion powder black pepper
and it's a little Mexican do whatever
you want we're going to mix it up
actually my gram always put her water on
a little bit look at that that's her
secret which you can use this for a
meatball mixture you can make hamburgers
out of it you know you can do lots of
things you can mix this for the kids and
make hamburgers and put them in the
ziplocks and have in the freezer you can
make sunday meatballs couple utiful itís
you know the more black pepper if you
like I don't think it to be too spicy
I'm going to separate this meat after we
get it together and then we're going to
stop it with prosciutto
with sorella cheese and arugula it is
going to be a meatloaf and steroids it's
going to pop in your oven but it would
be crazy for it I like to put my fan on
in my kitchen which is vented out in the
patio when I'm cooking because it makes
everybody crazy the neighbors will come
the dogs will be barking look how nice I
want to work it too much look a little
bit of water on your hands I'll and that
from my gram should say your meatballs
will never be hard a little bit of
moisture some people use wet bread I
like to wet my hands and do it just like
this nice smells so good how easy it was
done I've been going out to eat you have
control of all your nutritional value
pretty much in half if it's a smaller
part but the smaller part on top oh nice
put sauce in here if you like I made
sauce yesterday and that sounds I put
slap you really don't have to it's just
nice to roast it this way with all
delicious flavorings a little square
this will be your chopping you can kind
of smooth it around after you get your
ingredients over here you can kind of
form it together that's not to be
totally closed up you look how pretty
look I nice okay look at this ah Bella
Bella prosciutto makes me crazy
dee-licious couple slices in there real
nice you don't need a lot up too much
here I always try to watch the salt and
everything once your company blowing up
give them a glass of wine and this
they'll be singing come on in my house
I'm gonna add some cheese I did
mozzarella you could do provolone or I
don't think I do cheddars you could do a
chipper one some people stuff this with
pepperoni spinach I like this mixture
myself kinda nice
this is arugula I chopped it up washed
it nice i love arugula has that little
bitter taste to it I look we go I guess
that doesn't have to be perfect crazy
all right okay nice just form it the fun
where you get your kids to help you in
the kitchen come on get in that kitchen
a mess it up it's not that much work I
think the kitchens fun I think going out
to eat is overrated look I nice and
you're done I want to be perfect voila
who said it wasn't easy it was fun to do
all right wash your hands in the oven
350 all right this is the best part
Volare an Italian we gonna say model
unto me oh I'm so wonderful let's take a
look and see how pretty i see my dog
he's joining me she likes the kitchen
too she's an old english sheep so but I
think she's Italian look at that oh my
goodness who's missing gram today she's
looking down let's take a slice look at
all the different flavors all the pretty
colors in there I love it cheese the
arugula ah anybody want to taste your
friend Gregory's here I think I'm gonna
give him a taste come on Greg take a
taste let's taste it together let's see
wow this wonderful it tastes like my
grams oh that's how shoot what is the
green it's a rugelach I love arugula Bon
Appetit I wish you were here wish I said
I'm gonna cook for all of you I will
oh it's delicious actually I like to
have wine with this but it's heavily in
the afternoon hahaha but it never turns
five o'clock somewhere isn't it luili
come on in my house
you